Functional testing

At this point, it is important for us to make sure that our product meets the desired functional specification mentioned in the development documentation.

What are we checking?

Form testing
	1. Registration

		- The user with the data exists in the system.
		- The user with the data does not exist in the system.
		- A user blocked in the system cannot re-register.

	2. Authorization

		- The user exists in the system with the entered login and password.
		- The user with the entered login does not exist in the system.
		- The user with the entered login exists in the system, but the password is incorrect.
		- The user with the entered login and password exists in the system, but is blocked by moderation (the page is frozen).
		- Validation of input fields.

	3. Test validation of all required fields

		- Maximum and minimum length.
		- Range of valid characters, special characters.
		- Mandatory to fill.
		- Make sure that the asterisk (asterisk sign) is displayed for all required fields.
		- Make sure that the system does not display an error window with empty optional fields.

	4. Feedback Forms
	5. Links to user agreements

Search

	1. Results exist/do not exist.
	2. Correct message about an empty result.
	3. Empty search term.
	4. Emoji search.

Fields

	1. Numeric fields: these must not accept letters, in which case an appropriate error message should be displayed.
	2. Fractional values, such as how the system validates 1.1 and 1.1.
	3. Negative values ​​in numeric fields, if allowed.
	4. Division by zero is handled correctly.
	5. Test the maximum length of each field to make sure the data is not truncated or hidden under ellipsis.
	6. Test all input fields for special characters.
	7. Check that the text does not go beyond the field boundaries.

Pop-up messages

	1. Test popup messages ("This field is limited to N characters").
	2. Confirmation messages are displayed for update and delete operations.
	3. Input error messages.

Filters

	1. Test sorting functionality (ascending, descending, newest).
	2. Set filters with issuance.
	3. Set filters for which there is no issue.
	4. Filters by categories/subcategories.
	5. Filters with search radius.
	6. Data in drop down lists.

Test the functionality of the available buttons.
The presence of a favicon.
Check handling of various errors (page not found, timeout, server error, etc.).
Test that all downloaded documents open correctly.
The user can download/attach/upload files/media (pictures, videos, etc.). And also remove these files from attachments. Make sure that files go to the server only after pressing the appropriate button
Test the mail functionality of the system.

Cache, cookies and sessions

	1.The user has cleared the browser cache
	2. See what happens if a user deletes cookies while on the site.
	3. See what happens if a user deletes cookies after visiting the site.

DevTools
	1. Errors in Console.
	2. All styles are loaded.
	3. Pictures are loading.
